Signature encoding (#418)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

    return (group_commitment, z)
~~~

The output from the aggregation step is the output signature (R, z). This signature encoding

> is the same for all FROST ciphersuites specified in {{ciphersuites}}.

Reviewer: If we say this, can we also add something to the "Ciphersuite Requirements" section that says something along the lines of "Every ciphersuite MUST specify how signatures are encoded"?

> The output from the aggregation step is the output signature (R, z). This signature encoding
> is the same for all FROST ciphersuites specified in {{ciphersuites}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output from the aggregation step is the output signature (R, z). For every FROST ciphersuite
specified in {{ciphersuites}}, this signature is encoded using the format in {{sig-encoding}}.
```

and Conrado Gouvea
for their inputs and contributions.

> # Schnorr Signature Encoding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Schnorr Signature Encoding {#sig-encoding}
```

> The output signature (R, z) MUST be encoded as follows (using notation from {{Section 3 of TLS}}):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes one possible encoding of FROST signatures. Using notation
from {{Section 3 of TLS}}, the encoding of a FROST signature (R, z) is as follows:
```

~~~
  struct {
    opaque R_encoded[Ne];
    opaque z_encoded[Ns];
  } Signature;
~~~

Where Signature.R_encoded is `G.SerializeElement(R)` and Signature.z_encoded is

> `G.SerializeScalar(z)` and `G` is determined by ciphersuite. This signature
> encoding is the same for all FROST ciphersuites specified in {{ciphersuites}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`G.SerializeScalar(z)` and `G` is determined by ciphersuite.
```
